hello everyone that's a slim from 20 bug
and today I thought of showing you the
differences between the file effect
Saffiano and the macaron planner I am
doing a voice over because silly me I
forgot to switch on the mic when I was
recording the video so anyway let's move
on with this the reason why I'm
comparing the two is because they feel
similar and looks somewhat similar to
they are both made with PU leather which
is not genuine leather and is a
synthetic material they both feel
relatively lightweight
although the Saffiano is a tad bit
heavier the Saffiano has a crosshatch
design on the cover and the macaron
planar has a smoother texture so they
both look similar on the front and on
the back as well the macaron planner is
actually a bit smaller than the Saffiano
and but you can't really tell a big
difference there both in personal size
or a six so let's take a look on the
inside of both planners and see what the
differences are
the macaron planner has four credit card
slots on the left and a long vertical
chocolate as well as another long
vertical pocket on the right or the back
of the planner it has a fairly large pen
loop on the top left and I can actually
insert you know a five barrel multi pen
quite comfortably into that pen loop
which is really nice as for the Saffiano
it has three credit card slots to the
left and a secretarial pocket and it
also has a note pad slot I suppose where
you can insert a note pad
and although it has an elastic pen loop
it cannot really you know fit very very
big pens in it it can fit most three
barrel multi pens but with the five
barrel once it's a bit of a tight fit
another pen loop in the macaron planner
on the right-hand side and it's the same
size as the one on the left so you can
fit two FET pens into the macro planner
if you want to the ring on both planners
are a bit different as well the macaron
planner is a bit smaller than the
Saffiano I believe it measures around 19
millimeters where the Saffiano measures
around 23 so it's a bit bigger and you
can insert more pages into the Saffiano
compared to the macaron planner the
inside of the macaron planner has the
same lining as the cover it has that
same smooth pebbly texture but the
Saffiano is lined with polyester in a
coordinating color Saffiano has about
five or six different colors and the
macaron platinum china comes in three
colors the file of bags is more widely
available and can be ordered online and
the macaron planner requires some
hunting down there are a few people
selling the macaron planner on Instagram
and I got mine from China via Aliexpress
last year anyway this is just a quickie
comparison between the two and it will
be especially helpful to those for
considering these planners thanks for
watching and don't forget to subscribe
like or comment you can find me on very
social media all at planner bug so see
you in my next video a blog post and bye
bye